
.. title: Speakers
.. slug: speakers
.. date: 2019-04-24 14:48:38 UTC+07:00
.. tags: 
.. category: 
.. link: 
.. description: List of confirmed speakers.
.. type: macro


.. class:: clearfix



Understanding and Implementing Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs): One of the BIGGEST Breakthroughs in the Deep Learning Revolution
=======================================================================================================================================



Format: Talk (~30-45 minutes)

Abstract
--------

Generative Adversarial Networks are one of the latest advancements in Deep Learning. Interested in knowing how to generate content (images, music, and much more) instead of classifying one into categories? Let's dive into the details of GANs: One of the BIGGEST Breakthroughs in the DL Revolution.

Bio
---

  * Currently, working as a Platform Software Engineer at Bigbasket, India (India's largest online food and grocery store).
  * MSc in Advanced Computing (Machine Learning, Artifical Intelligence, Robotics, Cloud Computing, and Computational Neuroscience), University of Bristol, United Kingdom.
  * International Tech Speaker (spoke at numerous National and International Conferences).
  * Last year, gave a talk about "Recurrent Neural Networks and Long Short-Term Memory Networks (LSTMs)" at EuroPython, Edinburgh, Scotland - July 2018. Link: [Recurrent Neural Networks and Long Short-Term Memory Networks](https://ep2018.europython.eu/conference/talks/understanding-and-implementing-recurrent-neural-networks-using-python)
  * Last year, gave a talk about "Understanding and Implementing Recurrent Neural Networks using Python" at GeoPython, Basel, Switzerland - May 18. Link: [Understanding and Implementing Recurrent Neural Networks using Python](http://2018.geopython.net/#s107)
  * Have 8+ International Publications. [Latest work got published in ACM CHI 2018. The project was exhibited in Montreal, Canada.]
  * Received 6 Honours and Awards (International and National level).
  * Represented India at International Hackathons like Hack Junction’16, Finland and Hack the North’16, Canada. Got invited for more than a ‘dozen’ of prestigious International Hackathons (PennApps’17, HackNY’17, Hack Princeton’17 and many more) and Conferences.
  * A Microsoft Certified Professional, Microsoft Technology Associate, IBM Certified Web Developer, and Hewlett Packard Certified Developer.
  * Former Software Developer Intern at IBM & an ALL STACK DEVELOPER capable of designing and developing solutions for Mobile, Web, Embedded Systems, and Desktop. Areas of interest are Computational Neuroscience, Deep Learning, and Cloud Computing.



-------


.. class:: clearfix



Demystifying Conversational AI with Python
==========================================



Format: Talk (~30-45 minutes)

Abstract
--------

“Ok Google, Tell me how do you work?” Have you ever wondered, what goes behind asking a voice assistant to perform a particular action to having the output being delivered to you? Using open source NLP libraries like NLTK, and Spacy, we will learn concepts that form the heart of conversational AI.

Bio
---

I am currently researching in the field of NLP and information retrieval as a
project assistant at IIT Delhi. I am a recent graduate, and had been conferred
with a degree of Bachelors in technology in Computer Science, in August 2018.
I got introduced to the wonders of computer science while pursuing my
undergraduate degree, and oh, boy! It was diverse. I was amazed with the
profusion of avenues that it opened for me. From natural language chatbots, to
biometrics recognition systems, path-planning robots, I found it ever-so
encouraging just to be in the game, and with a curious eye, was ready to
unearth it all. I can program in multiple languages, Python, C/C++, R, Matlab,
Chapel, GoLang, Java , Python being my first love since freshman days!.
Recently I have started programming in GoLang, and it happens to be new found
love. I am interested in the fields of NLP, ML, AI, having studied them during
my senior year, and I wish to work on enhancing healthcare with AI. More
specifically I want to work towards making technology come to the the aid of
unfortunately or differently abled people, so that they can lead healthy
lives. I am inspired by the advancing developments in making computers imitate
and understand human language, vision and intelligence and so much more, which
I feel can be used to solve challenges that the differently abled people face.
I am an avid reader, an eloquent writer, and love to share my experiences with
others as well as learn from others. I do love to talk a lot too. A cup of hot
chocolate, my laptop and a problem to code on, is what my daily routine sounds
like.



-------


.. class:: clearfix



When life gives you Orange, make data speak volumes!
====================================================



Format: Talk (~30-45 minutes)

Abstract
--------

Have you ever thought of using data visualization to represent data; but feel that it is a cumbersome process? Worry not – Orange is here to the rescue! 
Come, dive into the world of this magical open source data mining tool that can also be used as a Python library.
Beginner friendly!

Bio
---

Drishti is a Computer Engineer at heart and a technology enthusiast. She loves
to use technology to help the less fortunate. She believes in democratizing
opportunities and brings knowledge of the latest developments in the fast-
moving field of technology to deserving students, and keep them up to date and
well-equipped for their respective professional careers. She has spoken at 12+
conferences across the globe and is also a social entrepreneur. Her non-profit
organisation - Samyak Drishti Foundation works in environment, education and
healthcare sectors and operates in 10 cities across India. In her spare time,
she likes to paint nature, explore new places and anchor live shows



-------


.. class:: clearfix



Security Issues on your Python Code
===================================



Format: Talk (~30-45 minutes)

Abstract
--------

This topic will cover how to find security issue on python code using open source Static Analysis Security Testing. So that developer can found & fixed the security issue since on development stage, without waiting for penetration testing stage

Bio
---

Application Security Consultant, Skilled in Security Requirement Engineering,
Threat Modeling, Static Application Security Testing, Dynamic Application
Security Testing, Secure SDLC, DevSecOps. Hold Certified Ethical Hacker
certification, Speaker for several conferences in Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur,
Singapore with topic related to application security. Bachelor’s Degree
focused in Informatics Engineering from Telkom University.



-------


.. class:: clearfix



Designing and Building Serverless Machine Learning-powered Applications with Python
===================================================================================



Format: Talk (~30-45 minutes)

Abstract
--------

Over the past couple of years, several companies around the world have started to embrace the Serverless movement to design and build modern applications. In this talk, I will bridge the gap between reality and expectations when dealing with Serverless Machine Learning-powered Python applications.

Bio
---

**Joshua Arvin Lat** is the **Chief Technology Officer** (CTO) of **Complete
Business Online**. He previously served as the **Director for Software
Development and Engineering** for multiple startups which allowed him to see
the bigger picture and be more effective as a professional and leader. For the
past couple of years, he has been sharing his knowledge in several conferences
around the country to discuss practical strategies for companies and
professionals.



-------


.. class:: clearfix



Adding a GraphQL API to Django (with Vue.js frontend)
=====================================================



Format: Talk (~30-45 minutes)

Abstract
--------

GraphQL is the new standard for client-server API communication, replacing REST in many newer projects. This talk shows you how to quickly add GraphQL to your Django project, test and use it in a simple Vue.js app. Sample code provided.

Bio
---

I'm a serial online entrepreneur who is always looking to add useful products
to the world – both open source and paid. My standard toolbox includes Python
and Django (and sometimes WordPress) on the backend and Vue.js on the
frontend. I also do data wrangling and some machine learning in Jupyter,
Pandas and Keras. My latest startup is a hosted backup service for Borg:
[https://www.borgbase.com/](https://www.borgbase.com/) In my spare time I'm
also a Google Summer of Code mentor and maintain various open source projects
and standardization efforts: \- Borg backup client for macOS/Linux:
https://github.com/borgbase/vorta \- open source electronic invoicing:
https://www.invoice-x.org/ \- invoice2data: extract structured data from PDF
invoices https://github.com/invoice-x/invoice2data \- upodder: command line
podcast downloader https://github.com/m3nu/upodder



-------


.. class:: clearfix



Python in Production Engineering @ Facebook
===========================================



Format: Talk (~30-45 minutes)

Abstract
--------

Production Engineering comes from the belief that operational problems should be solved through software solutions. The engineers who are building the software are the best people to operate that software in production. This talk will introduce PE at Facebook with examples of their python projects.

Bio
---

Mark has worked in IT for over 20 years in Europe and Southeast Asia. His
experience spans IT operations, software engineering, data systems, product
management and project management. He has worked in top multinationals, SMEs
and start-ups.



-------


.. class:: clearfix



Hypothesis: Property-Based Testing for Python
=============================================



Format: Talk (~30-45 minutes)

Abstract
--------

We all know we should be writing tests, but coming up with tests for every edge case is hard work and you will inevitably miss some. In this talk, I'll show you how to use Hypothesis in your projects to find more bugs than you would imagine.

Bio
---

Rae Knowler is a web developer at Liip in Zürich, where they develop product
data APIs and work on Open Data projects. They are interested in the
fascinating, comical and sometimes tragic results of attempting to cram the
complexity of life and society into computer systems. In their spare time they
read a lot of science fiction and hug cats.



-------


.. class:: clearfix



Addressing class imbalance in Machine Learning
==============================================



Format: Talk (~30-45 minutes)

Abstract
--------

Creating a machine learning model with an imbalanced dataset can give you misleading results. Get to know the common techniques to address the class imbalance problem in datasets that can help you to deliver better performance.

Bio
---

Sara is a seasoned software engineer and a data science enthusiast. She is
currently undergoing a master in data science in the UK, and a research in
deep learning for medical imaging. When she is not coding, she spends her free
time baking sweet treats and watching Rick and Morty.



-------


.. class:: clearfix



Bringing Artificial Intelligence to the Edge
============================================



Format: Talk (~30-45 minutes)

Abstract
--------

This talk focuses on how to develop deep learning inference application at the edge to run the trained model developed using TensorFlow optimally on the edge devices. We can easily run complex deep learning models like SqueezeNet, GoogLeNet & AlexNet on your computer with low processing capability.

Bio
---

Siddhant is currently working as Program Coordinator for Google India
Developer Relations Team. Siddhant Agarwal is an experienced Technology
Trainer and has been involved in delivering trainings on some of the latest
and cutting-edge technologies like: Artificial Intelligence/Machine
Learning/Deep Learning, Cloud Computing and Internet of Things at various
national and international forums and trained/engaged with more than 13k
developers. He is also instrumental in designing and providing consultation
for product development & business development strategies around AI/ML-based
products. Siddhant is an Intel Software Innovator - a developer advocacy and
speakership program supporting innovative, independent developers who display
an ability to create and demonstrate forward-looking projects by providing
them with speaking and demonstration opportunities at industry events and
developer gatherings. He is also a Google Machine Learning Crash Course
Facilitator and an organizer for the Google Cloud Developer Community in New
Delhi. He is also involved in executing Design Sprints – a Design Thinking and
Agile Development Methodology focused training series to improve the user
experience of applications. Siddhant volunteers with the Headstart Network
Foundation - one of the largest startup ecosystem development organizations in
India as the Head for Partnerships in the New Delhi cohort and is a Mentor of
Change with the Atal Innovation Mission – a strategic nation building
initiative.



-------

